 THE CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY GO SOCIETY CONSTITUTION

I. NAME: The name of the Society shall be “The Cambridge University Go” Society” hereafter referred to as “the Society”.

II. OBJECTS: The Society’s aims shall be to promote the playing of the game of Go (Korean: Baduk, Chinese: Wéiqí), both in Cambridge and out of it.

III. MEMBERSHIP: (1) Membership of the Society shall be open to all members of the University and any others that have an interest in Go. (2) There shall be an annual fee for membership which shall be determined by the Society from time to time. (3) The Society may offer Life Membership and Honorary Membership on such terms as it may decide.

IV. THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE: (1) The day-to-day management of the Society’s affairs shall be in the hands of the Executive Committee, which shall normally be elected at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). (2) The Executive Committee shall consist of a President, Vice-President, Secretary, and Junior Treasurer, who shall be elected by the members as in IV(1). In addition there shall be a Senior Treasurer, who shall be a resident member of the Senate or other person approved by the Junior Proctor. The Senior Treasurer shall be appointed by the elected members of the Executive Committee and shall be ex officio a member of the Executive Committee. (3) A majority of the elected members of the Executive Committee shall be full- time undergraduate or postgraduate students of the University. (4) Meetings of the Executive Committee shall be chaired by the President or in his or her absence the Vice-President. If neither the President nor Vice-President is present, the remaining members shall elect a chairperson for that meeting. The quorum for a meeting of the Executive Committee shall be three members and a written record of each meeting shall be kept.

V. GENERAL MEETINGS (1) The Society shall hold an Annual General Meeting (AGM) during each Academical year. The AGM shall be held in Cambridge during Easter Full Term. All Members, other than Honorary Members, shall be entitled to attend and vote at any General Meeting. At least fourteen days written notice shall be given to members before the AGM. (2) The AGM shall approve Minutes of the last General Meeting and the Society’s Accounts for the preceding year, elect the Executive Committee for the year ahead and conduct such other business as is necessary. (3) Candidates for election to office shall be proposed and seconded by two other members. Every motion at a General Meeting shall be proposed and seconded by two members. Voting shall be by secret ballot and if there are more than two candidates for a post or more than two options on a motion, voting shall be by Single Transferable Vote. (4) An Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) may be held at any time during Full Term. It shall be held in Cambridge and may be called by the Executive Committee or at the written request of at least ten members. Fourteen days written notice shall be given to members before an EGM is held. An EGM shall have the same powers as an AGM. (5) The President or in his or her absence the Vice-President shall take the Chair at any General Meeting. In the absence of the President and Vice-President the meeting shall elect a Chairperson for that meeting. The quorum for a General Meeting shall be five members and a written record of every General Meeting shall be kept.

VI. FINANCIAL MATTERS: (1) The Society shall maintain a banking account with a suitable Bank or Building Society to hold the Society’s funds. (2) It shall be the responsibility of the Junior Treasurer to ensure that monies received are properly accounted for and that the Society’s financial records are kept in good order. (3) The Senior Treasurer shall make arrangements for the Society’s Accounts to be properly audited, either by himself or herself, or by some other person approved under University Ordinances. (4) The Senior Treasurer shall not be liable for any financial debt or other obligation of the Society unless he or she has personally authorised such a debt in writing. (5) For so long as the Society shall be Registered with the Junior Proctor, it shall be the duty of the Executive Committee to ensure that the Society complies with the requirements for Registration as a University Society.

VII. CHANGES TO THE CONSTITUTION: The Constitution may be amended at a General Meeting.

VIII. DISSOLUTION: (1) The Society may be dissolved at a General Meeting provided that at least Twenty-one days written notice of the intention to dissolve the Society has been given to the members. At least two thirds of those present and voting at the General Meeting must vote in favour of the motion for Dissolution for it to be effective. (2) Any motion for Dissolution of the Society shall provide that assets remaining after all liabilities have been met shall be transferred either to another Registered University Society, or to the Society’s Syndicate.
